uuid,project,project_1,origin,grimoirelab_creation_date,body
2b8de86cbcae544a97c234bdd5bef59129321e05,Chaoss,Chaoss,https://groups.io/g/onap+onap-arc,2018-11-12T15:56:52+00:00,"Update:
The BBS use case will also be presented for Architecture review now that it has been discussed with the use case sub-committee.  BR, Steve

From: onap-arc@lists.onap.org <onap-arc@lists.onap.org> On Behalf Of Stephen Terrill
Sent: Monday 12 November 2018 13:01
To: Onap-arc@lists.onap.org
Subject: [Onap-arc] ArchCom Agenda topics 13-Nov

Hi,
"
06f4f45298007e96f70323c5d36ad46f0ead5a7c,Chaoss,Chaoss,https://groups.io/g/onap+onap-arc,2018-11-12T12:08:10+08:00,"Hi Steve,

I’m sorry.

Correct my words: Could you please add “NSD has been realized in VFC and NFV-parser in modeling projects”?

Thanks!

Best,
"
88ee1ac81fbe55c8b6d04b1d9bdd78fc772f1aa5,Chaoss,Chaoss,https://groups.io/g/onap+onap-arc,2018-11-11T13:51:34+00:00,"Hi all,

I tried to categorize the requirements provided by a different Service Providers https://wiki.onap.org/display/DW/SP+priorities+for+Dublin whether it is use case, functional requirement, S3P, architecture or modelling enhancement, documentation or specific project requirement.
You are welcome to review the categories and update, if necessary.

Usecase subcommittee: while analyzing the outcomes, my impression is that 5G PNF support and platform related functional requirements (scaling, change management) are of the top priority. We will discuss it tomorrow.



Best regards,"
7e13774d2f8d18e9120f408000795e309f27af67,Chaoss,Chaoss,https://groups.io/g/onap+onap-arc,2018-11-07T22:42:17+00:00,"Another alternative time to consider is 3:00pm US West, 6:00pm US East, next day 7:00am China.

This would be problematic for Europe but we can decide based on the interested attendee time zones.

Thanks,
Ramki

From: onap-arc@lists.onap.org <onap-arc@lists.onap.org> On Behalf Of Lingli Deng
Sent: Wednesday, November 7, 2018 2:36 PM
To: BULLARD, GIL <wb5674@att.com>"
4a4650e45da0c5dc655561d2a72c130b551c6537,Chaoss,Chaoss,https://groups.io/g/onap+onap-arc,2018-11-07T21:49:58+00:00,"Parviz, you should work East Coast hours so you can take off in the pm and enjoy those beautiful California afternoons…   :-)

From: onap-arc@lists.onap.org <onap-arc@lists.onap.org> On Behalf Of Parviz Yegani
Sent: Wednesday, November 07, 2018 4:25 PM
To: fernando.oliveira@verizon.com; onap-arc@lists.onap.org
Subject: Re: [onap-arc] Orchestration Scenarios

Hi Fred,

Can we start one hour later (10am ET)? See my note on the wiki page …"
e720155d5dddc64a4e096fb6d3f6a2ef36418436,Chaoss,Chaoss,https://groups.io/g/onap+onap-arc,2018-11-07T20:31:32+00:00,"Yes, both these times work for me as well.

Regards,
Vimal

From: onap-arc@lists.onap.org <onap-arc@lists.onap.org> On Behalf Of Chaker Al Hakim
Sent: Wednesday, November 07, 2018 3:30 PM
To: fernando.oliveira@verizon.com; onap-arc@lists.onap.org
Subject: Re: [onap-arc] Orchestration Scenarios
"
f0a1cafb1efe0249c110221fac29ac193a250804,Chaoss,Chaoss,https://groups.io/g/onap+onap-arc,2018-11-07T21:24:40+00:00,"Hi Fred,

Can we start one hour later (10am ET)? See my note on the wiki page …

Regards,
Parviz
-------
Parviz Yegani, PhD
Chief SDN/NFV Architect
CTO Office, Cloud Network Solutions"
8b5f26e9bb37a567bade020d03edd35d05d4e42d,Chaoss,Chaoss,https://groups.io/g/onap+onap-arc,2018-11-07T15:38:09+00:00,"Hi All,
                I took the action to create a confluence page and schedule a meeting to start detailed discussion for this topic.
The initial page is at https://wiki.onap.org/display/DW/Orchestration+Scenarios. That page an updated presentation based on what I presented.
I added a few members that I saw had interest in the discussion. If I missed you and you would like to be part of this discussion please add your name to the members section so that I can include you in correspondence.
I propose an initial meeting to arrive at an initial recommendation about whether an ONAP E2E Service may be composed of xNFs that are orchestrated by different orchestration elements (SO, VF-C, extrnal VNFM, external NFVO, ...).
I propose meeting on either Friday (9/Nov) or Monday (12/Nov) at 9am ET.  Please propose some different times if you want to contribute but cannot make those times.
Best Regards,
Fernando (Fred) Oliveira
"
b12aa95c45f008ba57e2b65179b15fdbe5c178bf,Chaoss,Chaoss,https://groups.io/g/onap+onap-arc,2018-11-04T23:27:55+00:00,"Hi,

For the ARCHCOM agenda this Tuesday I propose the following:

  *   Dublin Arch F2F meeting note:
     *   Just a reminder to provide feedback on the meeting summary if you have it.
     *   Note: There is no intention to walkthrough the summary in this meeting.
  *   ONAP Orchestration scenarios (Fred O):
     *   Primarily due to having to come to a conclusion regarding the modelling for Dublin (however there are other potential implications) the need to quickly look into the orchestration scnarios was identified.
     *   This slot is to align on the intent/scope, timeline of this activity."
44f9658e7cea45b7508aff8c70e1f789a4352112,Chaoss,Chaoss,https://groups.io/g/onap+onap-arc,2018-10-21T11:27:03+00:00,"Dear Architecture and modelling sub-committee attendee, 

We are excited that the indicated indicated attendance at the F2F
Architecture and Modelling meeting far exceeds the original expectations.
In light of this, a new venue has been chosen.:

New venue:
Venue: Montreal Marriott Chateau Champlain, 1050 de la Gauchetiere West,
Montreal  H3B 4C9 Canada
"
T11:27:03+00:00,Update on Venue for the Architecture and modelling sub-committee F2F meeting,"Dear Architecture and modelling sub-committee attendee, 

We are excited that the indicated indicated attendance at the F2F
Architecture and Modelling meeting far exceeds the original expectations.
In light of this, a new venue has been chosen.:

New venue:
Venue: Montreal Marriott Chateau Champlain, 1050 de la Gauchetiere West,
Montreal  H3B 4C9 Canada
"
